Yeah, I mean, the, the interesting to me, think to me, and I'm sure Matt has forgotten more about educational research than I've ever learned, but there are very few breakthroughs in learning science. Like, there's not, I haven't seen anything that I'm like, oh wow, no one has considered that. Everything's been pretty much true since like the 80s. We've had a pretty good sense of what works and what doesn't, and the issue has always been, as I just ample, the classic example of Blooms 2 Sigma problem, which basically says that individualized tutor instruction and mastery base a student will learn to sigma's fast tips. Without getting too way better, the media student will perform at the 98th percentile of a student and a traditional classroom. So way, way better. We've known that for a really long time. The problem is, okay, now we give every single person on the planet an individual tutor to sit with them and give them mastery base instruction all day. That's impossible, and there's so many reasons why that doesn't work, cost being one of them, the structure of schools being another. But with AI, it kind of does. It's starting to, for the first time ever, and if you look at the results in alpha, it's starting to bear that out. So, and we use similar methodology within Gauntlet. But, you know, I look at my son loves P7, and he loves math more than anything in the world, and he will spend all day on IXL and math academy, and you know, using all these apps if you let him. And, you know, so he would have completed first grade last year if he worked at alpha, and he's doing math on roughly a fourth or fifth grade level. My daughter, who would be in fourth grade, is also doing math on a fourth or fifth grade level. They are starting to notice and compare, which is becoming a little bit of a problem. But, you know, on the flip side, my daughter loves to read, and my son, he can read. It's a little more of a challenge. But, I, you know, the interesting thing to me about watching their experience in alpha is because it's so catered to their instruction. My wife and I were talking about, I don't think I could in good conscience put them back in a normal traditional classroom setting ever again. It feels like kind of a one way street, both because my son would be, you know, three years ahead of the rest of his peers in math, and he would be born to death. And my daughter had a bunch of holes that she, when we enrolled her in alpha, there were a bunch of things that we learned that she had missed long away. And if she had missed those, you know, some of them are very obvious, you know, dividing fraction, sort of something like that. If AI hadn't caught that, and she were to go into algebra three years ago, I have no doubt that she would just fall further and further behind in math for the rest of her academic career. And then she probably convinced herself that she's not a math person, and that's not her thing, and would try to work her way around math for rest of her life. So that gives me a lot of hope there, you know, that you can identify fine skills like that. And it's, the other thing that's been really interesting is it's not that hard to learn. Like if a kid were to sit down and be really, really, you know, anxiously engaged and try to learn math, that like years worth of, you know, elementary school math curriculum does not take that long. It's not, you know, thousands of hours of math learning. It's nowhere to be done. I forget what the question was, but yeah. So that's all, that's super interesting. I think that a lot of you, this has set the stage for kind of the problem space. What your guys' graduate company are trying to solve very clearly. But both of you also have kids, like you were just talking about, that are actually in alpha school. And I think a lot of the things that differentiate sort of the decision to like be able to take this path, rather than the traditional school and math, actually, isn't incumbent on the educational institution, but actually the, like, families that choose the camera box options like out of it, and actually things like values. So what would you say, it was like core to creating an environment where you have like a family unit that is able to take advantage of various options, given that we don't think institutions will change at a large scale in your term. Yeah, I'm trying to move away from my pessimistic answers. But, you know, my first response would be, I mean, my wife, for what it's worth, was a schoolteacher. She taught third grade in a traditional public classroom. And I dropped out of college and barely made it through high school. So I was a little bit on the other side of things. I didn't think education would ever be the way that I would describe my career. But the first thing, well, there are a few things. One was honestly a...