Work, knowledge, humanism, and agency. Work, love of purpose, love of effort, taking joy and work, knowledge, actually seeking the truth, trying to build, your understanding of things, explaining things, humanism, love of human beings, human nature, human civilization, and agency, kind of self-position, your self-author in your life. So I take those values very seriously, I've written papers about them, and they're core of my family, and they're core of all the educational projects that I work on. And so I think part of it is like having something like that, having more stars, I think, very helpful. And the other thing is seeing how most school projects are, most social school projects are actually opposed to every single one of those values, and possibly, if not explicitly, of what children get out of a typical childhood is, they're originated from effort. There's nothing that they want to work on. They don't care about knowledge, they care about opinion, or being right. There's a cycle about human beings, and human civilization, and they're low-agency, they're patients, and not agents. And so if you really see like, that's the typical mobile outcome, that's not what I want as a parent. I absolutely want the opposite of that. If you believe that, then you've got to do something different, like you've got to do something different in your parent, and different from your educational decisions. It doesn't have to be that you go and start a commune or like leave society, but I think it does. If you want to override defaults in your parenting, defaults are very strong in parenting and education. They're in the cultural area, children will absorb them no matter what. Like they'll be exposed no matter what, for them to not absorb and internalize them. It takes a lot of conscientiousness, I think. Not to be ever paranoid, but this is what is going on in life, aren't they? Sure. In that vein, actually, what's on? So both of you may believe to have your kids doing alternative educational models, one aspect of these models, where you personally, actually kind of skeptical of, that you have been pleasantly surprised about, and now are totally converting them. And what comes to it? Oh, yeah. Okay, I'll look over at everyone. Just a moment. She didn't want to go up, I asked her, so you guys just had to drag her up there. I'd have the chair ready for... This is Pamela. She is an alpha now, she's a school mom, and she's awesome. Who do you want to say a word to yourself? Okay, yeah. So what was the question I was answering? The question was... The question was, I think that was the end. I mean, alpha, I've been in awesome for a few years, I've been in education for 10 years, in the industry, and I have heard many things about alpha. Many mixed things. And when I applied for this job that I am now in, I went to the visit of the school with some... You know, some optimism and some hesitancy. I mean, I can just say what I found that won me over, which is... I mean, I've heard about the screen time, about the gamification of the evaluation, and all sorts of other things. Well, won me over is that the schools are really fucking good, like the students above it, they have incredible cultures. Like the students talk about math and chess at lunch, and it's just this incredible culture of achievement, and care and camaraderie, where all the students are encouraging of one another, and all the teachers are excellent, and this is just... I mean, the school that I was visiting, by the way, had been open for five months, when I started visiting, and I've seen a lot of schools that have been open for only five months. I've opened a lot of schools in my life. And I have a school that's altered this good five months, and I was like, something is going really, really right. So the school culture is what popped to me, and it took me... I mean, I'm still on the process of seeing, I'm fully understanding, how does this offer platform support the school culture? What is the relationship between the two things? But, I mean, the first thing that I understand about alpha, is that the schools are really good, and then you can ask about, okay, this is an AI school, what does that mean? Yeah. Yeah, so when we opened my oldest child in alpha, a year's back, in 2022, we just knew we didn't want to send her to regular school, but we didn't really know what we're going for in a positive vision. And we ended up at alpha due to a personal connection, and at that time, I was a bit skeptical of the dash platform. It just sort of seemed like obsessive and unnecessary to have that kind of data on what your student was doing, and like, you know, the eyeball tracking, like, you get asses of parents, you get the provision, not really particularly privacy conscious, but it's like, why? And for a long time, I wasn't checking it very much, but I realize now, having been working here, and I'm talking to Joe, that when things are going well, you might not need the data that much, but when things are not going well, it's really, really useful, and absolutely critical, figuring out what's going on, whether the student is wasting a lot of time, or whether they have a particular hole that could be different than any other student's one. I mean, you guys know. So I've come around to being like, the platform's awesome. If you don't need to check it every day, or, you know, go really fine, great, that's fine. You don't have to do those things, but you can't. And no other school can really say that at all. The other thing is that, I sort of always felt it's a little cheesy to be like, overall building each other up at this school, we're like nice, we're like pushing each other to do our best. If you can just like make them not bully each other, also I don't feel bad, you know, like I know what kids are, but what is really extraordinary is, when I visited Alpha for the end of session things, it's absolutely there. The students are so nice to each other, like I went to one at the end of the session, where they were running a mile. This was about a year and a half ago, and there were some students who were like, seriously lagging. But because it's Alpha, they were being evaluated based on their own prior scores, their own prior times. They were not in any way being ranked against each other. And the kids, like, waited around two or three extra minutes until the last girl was finished, and they were sincerely clapping. I was giving me chills even just thinking about it. Like, there are not very many places where students are invited to have those kinds of experiences with each other. It's totally real. I would have smelled it if it hadn't been real. So those things are priceless to my family, and we're big leaders now. Yes, so I actually come from the opposite side, where I was fully body on A. I fully, like, I came from the tech first. And I was, you know, my mental model of what an Alpha School would be like is like, OK, obviously you have the two hours a day, like the academic stuff. That's what really matters. And then I guess you've got to fill up the day with something else, because you can't send kids home after two hours, and we'll make all that up. My experience has actually been quite the opposite. You know, seeing what my kids have done in the way I think about both Alpha and short learning and time back and all these words, and most of you are like, what the hell is he talking about? Now, the academic portion of a school that normally takes six hours, you can actually do it in a couple of hours a day, and you get twice as much done in those two hours. So it's really more like ten times as much on a per-hour basis. But I don't look at that as like, I used to consider the rest of the day kind of mandatory babysitting, because you can't send the kids home at that moment. But I think the thing that my kids value the most is what happened. Like, the real question is, what do you do with the rest of the day? Now you have your time back. You have another four hours, and you can do all sorts of different things. So my kids learn to cook. They did rock climbing classes. They went swimming. They started a dog walking business. So the podcast and stuff that I used to think of as, I mean, I was going to do that stuff with my kids, but I was going to do it after school, because school was just going to be the academic piece. And then life kind of happens after school ends, and it's been really rewarding to see, you know, they're living life while they're in school. And I hadn't ever really considered that. For me, the school was just, you know, you're there all day, and it's part learning, part present. And for them, the biggest change in my kids and that sense of dread that kids can start to have, that they have to do a bunch of stuff that they don't want to do, they don't have that ever. And I'm still wrapping my mind around about that. When I was that age, there's stuff that you want to do, and then there's stuff that you force yourself to do, and it's really painful, and it's really dull, but you just have to do it in order to get the results. And my kids never experience that. And so I'm still wrapping my mind around what that means, or is that means they're missing something? I don't think they are. I think they're just, they have a healthier approach to life, and there's nothing that says it can have to be miserable for four hours a day in order to succeed. So I think I learned a little bit about my career from watching that, because my mental model was, there's the stuff that you like to do, and then there's the stuff that you have to do, and for my kids, everything is stuff that I like to do. So for me, how do I reorient my career on the stuff that I like to do, so I don't have to be miserable for part of the day, and it was honestly pretty eye-opening. Cool, awesome. I think actually for a moment it would be, most interesting to me, to single back for a second, so we had Pamela join the panel late. I'm really interested in your answer to the prior question before you came on, which was online set of, what do you think about your family, or like social learning, and context around education, predispose them to you being able to take advantage of this opportunity, let's see. You're wanting to know, like, why it's been sitting? Sort of the values of being able to realize that, like, it's actually put the kids in the school for a month, so it's kind of the level. Yes. My husband and I are nerds. He is a well-known finance writer, finance and tech writer. He writes independent newsletter, interfacing a full-time sub-stacker. I have half a patient philosophy that I dropped out of, and we just, conventional education didn't serve, either one of us very well. We both ended up on the track where, like, you're underachieving and you're sort of doing really well, but you're also, like, sort of, why don't I actually know much, or why isn't it actually taught me much? You're just coasting. No skills, you know, crashing, burning after a while. And my husband never actually finished his undergraduate degree, which is very fun. So we just knew we didn't want to make the same mistake with them. And we could tell that they were pretty great kids. And when, I mean, my oldest Claudia, she's nine. So she's an L1. And she was not even reading when she joined Alpha. But we could tell that she was curious and interested in things. And we could her in. She was six. And she went from not really even reading, after getting at, like, forced kindergarten. And she was just reading, you know, like, fourth and fifth grade level books. And pretty much anything she wanted to read in, like, two months. And no one was saying, oh, that's the wrong grade level book for you. Or, like, oh, you have to read under your desk instead. It's, you know, here or the night. You know, you still chills again. It's just, that's not the experience I had. The experience I had was, like, you can't read that. You can't do that. Sit, wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay, skip to me past the first grade. And school was still torture. And so when I had an opportunity to save her, you know, from that, it's just a no-brainer to me. It's just a total no-brainer. And so I hear horror stories to my friends, you know, people who have moved and bought a million-dollar homes for the good schools, people who have tried to get into charter schools, very well-regarded charter schools, through batteries. Everything is exactly the same with children in the same age. It's, I went to have a coffee with a teacher to ask her if she could give a faster worksheet and she basically took me to fuck off, right? It's the same everywhere else, everywhere. I don't, I don't have any time or energy to be fighting with teachers. When I see my kids' teachers, it's like, you know, they're climbing the wall in the parking lot or we're having a two-minute conference because we already know how the students doing because it's all in dash, right? It's a totally different experience, just absolute crisis. Awesome. So I think we've been a really good overview of that education experience on a kid's side and as parents were also involved in building this technology. But this meter is also about the technology itself. So the next question I think that would be interesting is through you guys who are like keeping abreast of the technological situation and education, what is one thing you have, like, kind of in the back of your mind that you're kind of excited about with the tech or methodology that hasn't been implemented yet in your, like, learning environment and providing them to the kids, that you're most excited about that you think might move a little bit. My answer comes from a very different context. I'm thinking more about, you know, cloud codes, forms and how I can use Taskmaster to have AI authentically build software on its own. It's not quite there yet, but some are people are experimenting with that. The thing that I'm really, the technology side that I'm really bullish about is, you know, we have some software that kind of watches you as you build software. So, you know, it will actually watch your screen and watch what you're doing and analyze all of that.